Add GitHub multibranch template for Astro CI/CD (#595)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

            astrocloud deploy ${{ secrets.ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID }}
    ```

### GitHub Actions (Multiple Branches)

> The following setup can be used to create a multi-branch CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions. The finished pipeline would deploy your code to Astro as demonstrated in the following diagram:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following setup can be used to create a multi-branch CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions that makes it easy for your team to test DAGs in a development environment and promote them to a production environment. The finished pipeline would deploy your code to Astro as demonstrated in the following diagram:
```

> ![Diagram showing how a multibranch CI/CD pipeline works](/img/docs/multibranch.png)

Reviewer: The diagram here just says `Prd Airflow`. Can it be `Production Deployment` and `Development Deployment` (or even just `dev` is prob fine too).

This setup assumes the following prerequisites:

- You have both a `dev` and `main` branch of an Astro project hosted in a single GitHub repository.

> - You have respective `dev` and `prod` Deployments on Astro where you deploy your GitHub branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have respective `dev` and `prod` Deployments on Astro that are deployed to from those GitHub branches.
```

Do you "deploy" a branch? It's the Deployment that gets deployed to _from_ the branch?

Author: You're deploying the code in the branch, I think it's relatively clear that's what we're talking about here. Trying to keep active language here

Author: You're deploying the code in the branch, I think it's relatively clear that's what we're talking about here. Trying to keep active language here

- You have unique [Deployment API keys and secrets](api-keys.md) for both of your Deployments.

1. Set the following as [GitHub secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository):

   - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-prod-key-id>`
   - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-prod-key-secret>`

>    - `ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-prod-astro-deployment-id>`

Reviewer: Any reason to not set these as `PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID`?

Author: Good call, this also helped me catch out a typo in the pipeline!

   - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-dev-key-id>`
   - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-dev-key-secret>`
   - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-dev-astro-deployment-id>`

2. In your project repository, create a new YAML file in `.github/workflows` that includes the following configuration:

    ```yaml

>     name: Astronomer CI - Deploy Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: Astronomer CI - Deploy Code (Multiple Branches)
```

May not be the best suggestion here but I feel like we should call this script something slightly different than our other example? Maybe not, because you would really just use one 🤷‍♀️  A thought.
